# Eye Care and Vision Research Workgroup Meeting 06/13/2024
# Theme: Goal Setting & Engagement

## Agenda
1. **Announcements**
   - New meeting time for workgroup: Second Thursdays, 6:00 pm ET/3:00 pm PT
    -  [OHDSI Global Symposium](https://www.ohdsi.org/ohdsi2024/) is Oct. 22 - 24, 2024.  Registration and hotel reservations are now open. Submissions to collaborator's showcase are due June 21, 2024.
    -  Next ETL Subgroup meeting is June 17th at 8pm ET/5pm PT
    -  Next Imaging Subgroup meeting is July 11th at 10:am ET/7:00 am PT
2. **Goal setting for workgroup**
   -  In person meeting next steps
       -   Imaging
       -   Network Studies
       -   Grant planning
    -  Other goals for workgroup this year
    -  Themes for upcoming meetings
3. **Opportunities for Engagement**
    - Improve asynchronous engagement
      -   Meeting notes posted on github so all can view 
      -   Use of Teams & Google docs for group work/discussions
     -  Visual Acuity testing
       -   [visualacuity toolkit](https://github.com/HribarLab/visualacuity) needs testing!
          - Test code
          - Contribute to test cases       
     - Visual Acuity consensus building
       -  [visualacuity toolkit](https://github.com/HribarLab/visualacuity) needs consensus for transformation options support and defaults
         -  Example issues that need consensus:
             -  Use cases for visual acuity
             -  Non-standard values
             -  Conversions to logmar
             -  Defaults
          -   Opportunities for involvement:
              -   Study Design and help with Delphi process
              -   Experts to participate in Delphi process
      -  ETL testing
          -  Setting up sandbox environment for testing ETLs to OMOP
               - Use to test proposed LOINC panels (e.g. visual acuity)
               - Test imaging integration
          - Use new Synthea synthetic ophthalmic data and imaging module from NEI & Mitre
          - Opportunities for involvement:
               - Help set up environment
               - Help with hosting
               - Help with testing ETLs in sandbox and/or at local institution
      - Grant planning
      - Others?
4. **Next Meeting: July 11th**

